There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.-Colin Powell
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.-Mark Twain
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.-Paul Tournier
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well. - Jeff Bezos
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later.-Harold S. Geneen
An organization, no matter how well designed, is only as good as the people who live and work in it.-Dee Hock
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.-Lucius Annaeus Seneca
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.-Tom Brokaw
I believe you have to be willing to be misunderstood if you're going to innovate.-Jeff Bezos
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.-Dale Carnegie
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less.-Andre Malraux
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.-Jack Welch
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today.-Laurence J. Peter
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.-Aristotle Onassis
When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.-James H. Boren
Great companies are built on great products.-Elon Musk
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities.-Edward Gibbon
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.-Peter Drucker
Economic depression cannot be cured by legislative action or executive pronouncement. Economic wounds must be healed by the action of the cells of the economic body - the producers and consumers themselves.-Herbert Hoover
I rate enthusiasm even above professional skill.-Edward Appleton
Business, more than any other occupation, is a continual dealing with the future; it is a continual calculation, an instinctive exercise in foresight. - Henry R. Luce
First-rate people hire first-rate people; second-rate people hire third-rate people.-Leo Rosten
Everyone is your best friend when you are successful. Make sure that the people that you surround yourself with are also the people that you are not afraid of failing with.-Paula Abdul
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.-Arnold H. Glasow
Rank does not confer privilege or give power. It imposes responsibility.-Peter Drucker
The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men the conviction and the will to carry on.-Walter Lippmann
Test fast, fail fast, adjust fast.-Tom Peters
Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, 'Make me feel important.' Never forget this message when working with people.-Mary Kay Ash
The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them.-Benjamin Jowett
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.-Kin Hubbard
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.-Thomas A. Edison
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.-Sam Walton
If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem.-J. Paul Getty
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best.-Theodore Isaac Rubin
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.-Adam Smith
Details create the big picture.-Sanford I. Weill
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.-Andy Warhol
If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business.-B. C. Forbes
If you're trying to create a company, it's like baking a cake. You have to have all the ingredients in the right proportion.-Elon Musk
Ideas pull the trigger, but instinct loads the gun.-Don Marquis
More business is lost every year through neglect than through any other cause.-Rose Kennedy
Intellectual property has the shelf life of a banana. - Bill Gates
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.-Howard Aiken
It's OK to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket.-Elon Musk
The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights.-J. Paul Getty
We're all working together; that's the secret.-Sam Walton
The common question that gets asked in business is, 'why?' That's a good question, but an equally valid question is, 'why not?'-Jeff Bezos
Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures.-Tom Peters
Ask five economists and you'll get five different answers - six if one went to Harvard.-Edgar Fiedler
Don't let your ego get too close to your position, so that if your position gets shot down, your ego doesn't go with it.-Colin Powell
Corporation: An ingenious device for obtaining profit without individual responsibility.-Ambrose Bierce
Brand is just a perception, and perception will match reality over time. Sometimes it will be ahead, other times it will be behind. But brand is simply a collective impression some have about a product.-Elon Musk
All lasting business is built on friendship.-Alfred A. Montapert
Do more than is required. What is the distance between someone who achieves their goals consistently and those who spend their lives and careers merely following? The extra mile.-Gary Ryan Blair
The work of the individual still remains the spark that moves mankind ahead even more than teamwork.-Igor Sikorsky
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.-Andy Warhol
The problem is that at a lot of big companies, process becomes a substitute for thinking. You're encouraged to behave like a little gear in a complex machine. Frankly, it allows you to keep people who aren't that smart, who aren't that creative.-Elon Musk
