A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.- Walter Winchell
If you live to be 100, I hope I live to be 100 minus 1 day, so I never have to live without you.- Winnie the Pooh
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.- Ernest Hemingway
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another, ‘What! You too? I thought I was the only one.- C.S. Lewis
True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.- David Tyson
Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart.- Washington Irving
There's not a word yet for old friends who've just met.- Jim Henson
A single rose can be my garden… a single friend, my world.- Leo Buscaglia
Don't make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up.- Thomas J. Watson
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.- Dale Carnegie
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.- Unknown
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.- Confucius
Ultimately the bond of all companionship, whether in marriage or in friendship, is conversation.- Oscar Wilde
How many slams in an old screen door? Depends how loud you shut it. How many slices in a bread? Depends how thin you cut it. How much good inside a day? Depends how good you live 'em. How much love inside a friend? Depends how much you give 'em.- Shel Silverstein
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.- Arnold H. Glasgow
I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.- Plutarch
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.- Albert Schweitzer
The real test of friendship is can you literally do nothing with the other person? Can you enjoy those moments of life that are utterly simple?- Eugene Kennedy
A loyal friend laughs at your jokes when they're not so good, and sympathizes with your problems when they're not so bad.- Arnold H. Glasgow
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.- Friedrich Nietzsche
Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It's not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.- Muhammad Ali
If ever there is tomorrow when we're not together… there is something you must always remember. You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. But the most important thing is, even if we're apart… I'll always be with you.- Winnie the Pooh
Growing apart doesn't change the fact that for a long time we grew side by side; our roots will always be tangled. I'm glad for that.- Ally Condie
One's friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human.- George Santayana
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.- Audrey Hepburn
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.- Socrates
One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.- Clifton Fadiman
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations. Don't over-analyze your relationships. Stop playing games. A growing relationship can only be nurtured by genuineness. - Leo F. Buscaglia
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.- Martin Luther King, Jr.
Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.- Marcel Proust
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and to have her nonsense respected.- Charles Lamb
If you go looking for a friend, you're going to find they're very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you'll find them everywhere.- Zig Ziglar
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.- Laurence J. Peter
Keep away from those who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you believe that you too can become great.- Mark Twain
Flatter me, and I may not believe you. Criticize me, and I may not like you. Ignore me, and I may not forgive you. Encourage me, and I will not forget you. Love me and I may be forced to love you.- William Arthur Ward
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.- Alice Walker
Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together.- Woodrow T. Wilson
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.- Ed Cunningham
Anybody can sympathize with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathize with a friend's success.- Oscar Wilde
Some of the biggest challenges in relationships come from the fact that most people enter a relationship in order to get something: they're trying to find someone who's going to make them feel good. In reality, the only way a relationship will last is if you see your relationship as a place that you go to give, and not a place that you go to take.- Anthony Robbins
The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.- Elisabeth Foley
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.- Oprah Winfrey
Do not keep on with a mockery of friendship after the substance is gone but part, while you can part friends. Bury the carcass of friendship: it is not worth embalming.- William Hazlitt
A good friend can tell you what is the matter with you in a minute. He may not seem such a good friend after telling.- Arthur Brisbane
Many a person has held close, throughout their entire lives, two friends that always remained strange to one another, because one of them attracted by virtue of similarity, the other by difference.- Emil Ludwig
A good word is an easy obligation; but not to speak ill requires only our silence; which costs us nothing.- John Tillotson
When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are.- Donald Miller
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.- Anais Nin
If you make friends with yourself you will never be alone.- Maxwell Maltz
A true friend is someone who thinks that you are a good egg even though he knows that you are slightly cracked.- Bernard Meltzer
The greatest compliment that was ever paid me was when someone asked me what I thought, and attended to my answer.- Henry David Thoreau
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.-Joseph F. Newton Men
Friendship is like a glass ornament, once it is broken it can rarely be put back together exactly the same way.- Charles Kingsley
A friend knows the song in my heart and sings it to me when my memory fails.- Donna Roberts
There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate. - Linda Grayson
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.- Gloria Naylor
It is the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.- Marlene Dietrich
There is magic in long-distance friendships. They let you relate to other human beings in a way that goes beyond being physically together and is often more profound.- Diana Cortes
Someone to tell it to is one of the fundamental needs of human beings.- Miles Franklin
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.- Epicurus
Whenever you're in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it. That factor is attitude.- William James
Life is partly what we make it, and partly what it is made by the friends we choose.- Tennessee Williams
The tender friendships one gives up, on parting, leave their bite on the heart, but also a curious feeling of a treasure somewhere buried.- Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?- Abraham Lincoln
A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere. Before him I may think aloud. I am arrived at last in the presence of a man so real and equal, that I may drop even those undermost garments of dissimulation, courtesy, and second thought, which men never put off, and may deal with him with the simplicity and wholeness with which one chemical atom meets another.- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The best time to make friends is before you need them.- Ethel Barrymore
If it's very painful for you to criticize your friends you're safe in doing it. But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue.- Alice Duer Miller
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, for in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.- Khalil Gibran
Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend.- Bill Watterson
Truly great friends are hard to find, difficult to leave, and impossible to forget.- Unknown
They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel.- Carl W. Buechner
Nothing makes the earth seem so spacious as to have friends at a distance; they make the latitudes and longitudes.- Henry David Thoreau
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.- Len Wein
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.- Ralph Waldo Emerson
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.- Elbert Hubbard
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.- Elie Wiesel
We cannot tell the precise moment when friendship is formed. As in filling a vessel drop by drop, there is at last a drop which makes it run over; so in a series of kindnesses there is at last one which makes the heart run over.- Ray Bradbury
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.- Maya Angelou
I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.- Charles R. Swindoll
Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart.- Eleanor Roosevelt
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.- Seneca
A man's friendships are one of the best measures of his worth.- Charles Darwin
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.- Euripides
Friends are people who know you really well and like you anyway.- Greg Tamblyn
Friendship improves happiness, and abates misery, by doubling our joys, and dividing our grief.- Marcus Tullius Cicero
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks.- St. Jerome
I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.- Helen Keller
A good friend is a connection to life a tie to the past, a road to the future, the key to sanity in a totally insane world.- Lois Wyse
One of the tasks of true friendship is to listen compassionately and creatively to the hidden silences. Often secrets are not revealed in words, they lie concealed in the silence between the words or in the depth of what is unsayable between two people.- John O'Donohue
A friend is someone who makes it easy to believe in yourself.- Heidi Wills
Awards become corroded. Friends gather no dust.- Jesse Owens
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself and especially to feel, or not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at any moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to- letting a person be what he really is.- Jim Morrison
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.- Samuel Butler
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.- Baltasar Gracian
Friends are the family you choose.- Jess C. Scott
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.- Henry Ford
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend.- Henry David Thoreau
Friends are relatives you make for yourself.- Eustache Deschamps
Blessed are they who have the gift of making friends, for it is one of God's greatest gifts. It involves many things, but above all the power of going out of one's self and appreciating what is noble and loving in another.- Thomas Hughes
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.- Khalil Gibran
A friend to all is a friend to none.- Aristotle
A snowball in the face is surely the perfect beginning to a lasting friendship.- Markus Zusak
Do not save your loving speeches for your friends till they are dead; do not write them on their tombstones, speak them rather now instead.- Anna Cummins
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.- Orson Welles
When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives means the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand.- Henri Nouwen
All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand.- Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Friends are the siblings God never gave us.- Mencius
If we treated ourselves as well as we treated our best friend, can you imagine?- Meghan Markle
Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you; spend a lot of time with them, and it will change your life.- Amy Poehler
Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty.- Sicilian Proverb
Don't be dismayed at goodbyes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.- Richard Bach
There is nothing like puking with somebody to make you into old friends.- Sylvia Plath
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces.- Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Friends should be like books, few, but hand-selected.- C.J. Langenhoven
Friendship is a wildly underrated medication.- Anna Deavere Smith
Some people arrive and make such a beautiful impact on your life, you can barely remember what life was like without them.- Anna Taylor
A good friend is like a four-leaf clover; hard to find and lucky to have.- Irish Proverb
Where there are friends, there is wealth.- Titus Maccius Plautus
True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it is lost.- Charles Caleb Colton
A friend is one that knows you as you are, understands where you have been, accepts what you have become, and still, gently allows you to grow.- William Shakespeare
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing.- Benjamin Franklin
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.- Henry David Thoreau
Make new friends, but keep the old; Those are silver, these are gold.- Joseph Parry
The holy passion of Friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money.- Mark Twain
A true friend stabs you in the front.- Oscar Wilde
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.- Thomas Aquinas
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.- Aristotle
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar.- Robert Brault
Things are never quite as scary when you have a best friend.- Bill Watterson
If you have two friends in your lifetime, you're lucky. If you have one good friend, you're more than lucky.- S.E. Hinton
The only way to have a friend is to be one.- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The royal road to a man's heart is to talk to him about the things he treasures most.-Dale Carnegie
Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend.- Albert Camus
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world.- Brandi Snyder
