Hustle is the most important word. Ever. - Gary Vaynerchuk
I love people, and the hustle. - Gary Vaynerchuk
My store, Wine Library, outsells big national chains. How do you think we do it? It started with hustle. I always say that our success wasn't due to my hundreds of online videos about wine that went viral, but to the hours I spent talking to people online afterward, making connections and building relationships. - Gary Vaynerchuk
Good things happen to those who hustle. - Anais Nin
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 110% all the time. - Don Zimmer
Hustle beats talent when talent doesn't hustle. - Ross Simmonds
I'm living everyday like a hustle. Another drug to juggle. Another day, another struggle. - Notorious BIG
Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far. - Gary Vaynerchuk
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. - Abraham Lincoln
But for me to have the opportunity to stand in front of a bunch of executives and present myself, I had to hustle in my own way. I can't tell you how frustrating it was that they didn't get that. No joke - I'd leave meetings crying all the time. - Kanye West
I want to be remembered like Pete Rose ‘Charlie Hustle.' I want people to say, ‘Wherever he was, he was always giving it his all. - Walter Payton
I played the game one way. I gave it everything I had. It doesn't take any ability to hustle. - Wade Boggs
There's a lot of females that hustle, just like men hustle. - Fetty Wap
I'm a firm believer in the hustle game. - Eric Snow
My hustle is nonstop. I never stop hustling. - Young Jeezy
I just think a hustler's ambition is that I never stop. I start off hustling and said I'll never stop hustling. An ambitious hustler is the one to hustle the hustlers. When I grew up, my heroes were hustlers. Now I'm their hero. - Young Jeezy
Focused. I'm a hustler. And my hustle is trying to figure out the best ways to do what I like without having to do much else. - Mos Def
Nothing can substitute for just plain hard work. I had to put in the time to get back. And it was a grind. It meant training and sweating every day. But I was completely committed to working out to prove to myself that I still could do it. - Andre Agassi
Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were. - David Rockefeller
Don't stay in bed unless you can make money in bed. - George Burns
All wealth is the product of labor. - John Locke
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. - Stephen King
I learned the value of hard work by working hard. - Margaret Mead
Nothing worth having comes easy. - Theodore Roosevelt
The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. Work is the key to success, and hard work can help you accomplish anything. - Vince Lombardi
I'm a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it - Thomas Jefferson
Working hard and working smart sometimes can be two different things. - Byron Dorgan
The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense. - Thomas A. Edison
Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven't planted. - David Bly
A good idea is about ten percent and implementation and hard work, and luck is 90 percent. - Guy Kawasaki
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand. - Vince Lombardi
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work. - Colin Powell
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence. - Colin Powell
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. - Colin Powell
To be a champion, I think you have to see the big picture. It's not about winning and losing; it's about every day hard work and about thriving on a challenge. It's about embracing the pain that you'll experience at the end of a race and not being afraid. I think people think too hard and get afraid of a certain challenge. - Summer Sanders
Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. - Gail Devers
The road to success is not easy to navigate, but with hard work, drive and passion, it's possible to achieve the American dream. - Tommy Hilfiger
There is no substitute for hard work. - Thomas A. Edison
I learned the value of hard work by working hard. - Margaret Mead
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did. - Newt Gingrich
Inspiration is one thing and you can't control it, but hard work is what keeps the ship moving. Good luck means, work hard. Keep up the good work. - Kevin Eubanks
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them. - Ann Landers
I know you've heard it a thousand times before. But it's true: hard work pays off. If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice. If you don't love something, then don't do it. - Ray Bradbury
Focused, hard work is the real key to success. - John Carmack
You need three things to win: discipline, hard work and, before everything maybe, commitment. No one will make it without those three. - Haile Gebrselassie
When I meet successful people I ask 100 questions as to what they attribute their success to. It is usually the same: persistence, hard work and hiring good people. - Kiana Tom
The sweat of hard work is not to be displayed. It is much more graceful to appear favored by the gods. - Maxine Hong Kingston
I do not believe in excuses. I believe in hard work as the prime solvent of life's problems. - James Cash Penney
When people see a legend, they call it a legend. But to be a legend, it's a lot of hard work and patience. - Burning Spear
I'd like to show people that if you put the hard work in and you believe in yourself, then you can do whatever you want to. - Oscar Pistorius
I believe in work, hard work, and long hours of work. Men do not breakdown from overwork, but from worry and dissipation. - Charles Evans Hughes
Work hard! In the end, passion and hard work beats out natural talent. - Pete Docter
I don't have any formula. I just work with my heart, putting in a lot of hard work. - Ranbir Kapoor
See, winners embrace hard work. - Lou Holtz
Success for an athlete follows many years of hard work and dedication. - Michael Diamond
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but should get you pretty near. - Margaret Thatcher
Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all. - Sam Ewing
Once you have commitment, you need the discipline and hard work to get you there. - Haile Gebrselassie
When you put a lot of hard work into one goal and you achieve it, that's a really good feeling. - Derek Jeter
The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work. - Harry Golden
There is simply no substitute for hard work when it comes to achieving success. - Heather Bresch
Reality is easy. It's deception that's the hard work. - Lauryn Hill
Hard work beats talent any day, but if you're talented and work hard, it's hard to be beat. - Robert Griffin III
Whenever you get to win, you feel the satisfaction of all of your hard work, all the sacrifices, all the blood, sweat and tears. It feels right and makes you realise that you are really doing the right thing. - Abby Wambach
Winners embrace hard work. They love the discipline of it, the trade-off they're making to win. Losers, on the other hand, see it as punishment. And that's the difference. - Lou Holtz
Through hard work, perseverance and a faith in God, you can live your dreams. - Ben Carson
Luck? I don't know anything about luck. I've never banked on it and I'm afraid of people who do. Luck to me is something else: Hard work - and realizing what is opportunity and what isn't. - Lucille Ball
Luck is great, but most of life is hard work. - Iain Duncan Smith
We all naturally want to become successful… we also want to take shortcuts. And it's easy to do so, but you can never take away the effort of hard work and discipline and sacrifice. - Apolo Ohno
My childhood was safe and sane. No abuse and no traumas. I was surrounded by a large and loving family who taught me the importance of hard work and a meaningful education. - Ronnie James Dio
We live in the kind of society where, in almost all cases, hard work is rewarded. - Neil deGrasse Tyson
Hard work always wins in the end. - Lucas Till
I enjoy hard work; I love setting goals and achieving them. - Jewel
You can't get there by bus, only by hard work and risk - Alan Alda
I like to work hard and see the results of my hard work. - Erin Heatherton
There is no substitute for hard work. There is a little luck along the way, but there is no substitute for really super-hard work, first in, last out. Mary Callahan Erdoesk. There is a little luck along the way, but there is no substitute for really super-hard work, first in, last out. - Mary Callahan Erdoes
The dream doesn't lie in victimization or blame; it lies in hard work, determination and a good education. - Alphonso Jackson
Hard work has made it easy. That is my secret. That is why I win. - Nadia Comaneci
Like I said, repetition in practice and hard work. - Jerry Rice
When you think about your heritage, you think about toughness and hard work. - Jeff Garcia
My career has been successful, but it's been a grind of hard work. - Emmanuelle Chriqui
Hard work always pays off, whatever you do. - Dustin Lynch
Football teaches you hard work. It takes a lot of unspectacular preparation to have spectacular results in both business and football. -Roger Staubach
I have a fear of public speaking. It's very hard work. Words are not my skill, and because they're not my skill, I have to work doubly hard. - Kerry Stokes
If four things are followed - having a great aim, acquiring knowledge, hard work, and perseverance - then anything can be achieved. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Sporting success doesn't happen by accident. It takes hard work and determination on the part of the individual athletes. And it also takes investment in facilities and training support. - Nicola Sturgeon
Self-belief and hard work will always earn you success. - Virat Kohli
As an older and wiser man, I don't believe in luck. I believe in hard work and talent and determination. - Dexter Fletcher
Hard work - I mean, does anybody use that term anymore? Laziness doesn't fly. It's all in the practice. It does take work and it ain't easy - but man, the rewards! - Susan Powter
For every two minutes of glamour, there are eight hours of hard work. - Jessica Savitch
I have had lots of luck in my career but there has also been a lot of hard work. - Maria Sharapova
It took several years of hard work in small roles before I attained stardom. - Bela Lugosi
I love what I'm doing most of the time, but it's hard work. People only see your albums in the charts. They see us at award shows and after-show parties. They don't know about your doubts, the hard work that goes in. - Gavin Rossdale
It is hard work to be good when you are very little and very hungry, and have many sticks to beat you, and no mother's lips to kiss you. - Ouida
I always hustled to make money and pay for school. I was never afraid of hard work. - Tom Freston
Whatever muscles I have are the product of my own hard work and nothing else. - Evelyn Ashford
Like basketball, fashion is hard work. - Amar'e Stoudemire
Well, I realized finally that all of the hard work paid off. - David Naughton
You have a little bit of talent, a certain amount of good fortune and a lot of hard work in pursuit of whatever truth you can find in it, and if you are really lucky, a terrific partner and I have that and those four things worked out for me. - Donald Sutherland
Hard work and a good education will take you further than any government program. - Aaron Schock
My hard work and excellent training entitled me to be a better actress than some of my competitors. - Pola Negri
I have achieved everything through either hard work or luck. - Sandra Bullock
Success has a lot to do with luck, but it also involves a lot of real hard work. - Jerry Cantrell
I think hard work is what gets most people to the top. - Rupert Sheldrake
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up. - Babe Ruth
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going. ― Beverly Sills
If people knew how hard I had to work to gain my mastery, it would not seem so wonderful at all. - Michelangelo Buonarroti
Talent means nothing, while experience, acquired in humility and with hard work, means everything. - Patrick Süskind, writer
It's hard work making movies. It's like being a doctor: you work long hours, very hard hours, and it's emotional, tense work. If you don't really love it, then it ain't worth it. - George Lucas
Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction. - Anne Frank
