You had me at 'hello.'  – Jerry Maguire
Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. – Alfred Lord Tennyson, 'In Memoriam A.H.H'
Love means never having to say you're sorry. – Love Story
What do you want? You want the moon? Just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around it and pull it down. – It's a Wonderful Life
All you need is love. – The Beatles, All You Need Is Love lyrics
Where there is love there is life. – Mahatma Gandhi
Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine. – Casablanca
Pleasure of love lasts but a moment. Pain of love lasts a lifetime. – Bette Davis
And don't forget—I'm also just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her. – Notting Hill
Radiate boundless love towards the entire world—above, below, and across—unhindered, without ill will, without enmity. - Buddha
Love and compassion are the true religions to me. But to develop this, we do not need to believe in any religion- Dalai Lama
A husband and wife are one soul, separated only through their descent to this world. When they are married, they are reunited again.- The Zohar
Love is a gift of one's inner most soul to another so both can be whole.- Buddha
A man should eat and drink less than his means, clothes himself according to his means, and honor his wife and children beyond his means.- Talmud, Chullin 84b
Love is the absence of judgement- Dalai Lama
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.-Buddha
You're my one in five billion. – The X-Files
Happiness is anyone and anything at all that's loved by you. – You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you. – Elbert Hubbard
Maybe you don't need the whole world to love you, you know. Maybe you just need one person. – The Muppets
That's why they call them crushes. If they were easy, they'd call them something else. – Sixteen Candles
Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering. – Nicole Krauss, The History of Love
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired. – Robert Frost
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet. – Plato
Some people are worth melting for. – Frozen
It's enough for this restless wanderer just to be with you. – The Lion King
It's there, I know it is, because when I look at you, I can feel it. And I look at you, and I'm home. – Finding Nemo
All at once everything looks different, now that I see you. – Tangled
Love is a song that never ends. – Bambi
Tell me, princess, now when did you last let your heart decide? – Aladdin
You mean more to me than anyone in this whole world. – Peter Pan
You are my greatest adventure. – The Incredibles
One song, my heart keeps singing, of one love only for you. – Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
I have just met you and I love you. Dug, Up
I'd rather die tomorrow than live a hundred years without knowing you. – John Smith, Pocahontas
You were my new dream – Flynn Rider, Tangled
Love is an open door. – Anna and Hans, Frozen
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. – William Shakespeare
You call it madness, but I call it love. – Don Byas
We can only learn to love by loving. – Iris Murdoch
A life lived in love will never be dull. – Leo Buscaglia
Life is the flower for which love is the honey. – Victor Hugo
All you need is love. – Paul McCartney
True love stories never have endings. – Richard Bach
Love is shown more in deeds than in words. – Saint Ignatius
Love is not a volunteer thing. – Samuel Richardson
Love is friendship on fire. – Susan Sontag
Love is the ultimate expression of the will to live. – Tom Wolfe
Love is what makes the ride worthwhile. – Franklin P. Jones
The love we give away is the only love we keep. – Elbert Hubbard
Tell me whom you love and I will tell you who you are. – Houssaye
Trust your intuition and be guided by love. – Charles Eisenstein
That's all nonviolence is – organized love. – Joan Baez
We love because it's the only true adventure. – Nikki Giovanni
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that. – Martin Luther King Jr.
Age does not protect you from love, but love to some extent protects you from age. – Jeanne Moreau
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart. – Washington Irving
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third. – Marge Piercy
You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back. – Barbara De Angelis
Love is the emblem of eternity; it confounds all notion of time; effaces all memory of a beginning, all fear of an end. – Madame de Stael
Love is an emotion experienced by the many and enjoyed by the few. – George Jean Nathan
Love is more than a noun – it is a verb; it is more than a feeling – it is caring, sharing, helping, sacrificing. – William Arthur Ward
Love is a choice you make from moment to moment. – Barbara De Angelis
We need not think alike to love alike. – Francis David
Love is a great master. It teaches us to be what we never were. – Moliere
Love is the expansion of two natures in such fashion that each include the other, each is enriched by the other. – Felix Adler
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction. – Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profundity. Kindness in giving creates love. – Lao Tzu
Love is sharing your popcorn. – Charles Schultz
Love is being stupid together. – Paul Valery
If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question? – Lily Tomlin
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love. – Albert Einstein
Love is like pi – natural, irrational, and very important. – Lisa Hoffman
We’re all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness—and call it love—true love. – Robert Fulghum
Love is something sent from heaven to worry the hell out of you. – Dolly Parton
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness. – Friedrich Nietzsche
Love means having to say you’re sorry every fifteen minutes. – John Lennon
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous. – Ingrid Bergman
Love: a temporary insanity, curable by marriage. – Ambrose Bierce
What the world really needs is more love and less paperwork. – Pearl Bailey
Love is an ocean of emotions entirely surrounded by expenses. – Thomas Dewar
Love is a lot like a backache, it doesn’t show up on X-rays, but you know it’s there. – George Burns
I love you more than coffee, but please don’t make me prove it. – Elizabeth Evans