The chief cause of failure and unhappiness is trading what you want most for what you want right now. - Zig Ziglar
Your happiness is what truly matters most. Do what you have to do in order to be happy. - Brian Tracy
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. - Laozi
Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday. - Brian Tracy
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become - achieving your goals. - Henry David Thoreau
A day wasted on others is not wasted on one's self. - Charles Dickens
A scientific man ought to have no wishes, no affections, - a mere heart of stone. - Charles Darwin
What we know is a drop, what we don't know is an ocean.  - Isaac Newton
You are free, and that is why you are lost. - Franz Kafka
If you are far from the enemy, make him believe you are near. - Sun Tzu
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. - George Bernard Shaw
Don't let making a living prevent you from making a life. - John Wooden
Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.  - Jack London
If the happiness and prosperity of other people depend on you, you have nothing to fear anymore. - Robert Greene
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.  - James Matthew Barrie
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. - Thomas Jefferson
If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. - Theodore Roosevelt
Society is composed of two great classes those who have more dinners than appetite, and those who have more appetite than dinners. - Nicolas Chamfort
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity. - Og Mandino
Each problem has a positive side. - Og Mandino
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. - Elbert Hubbard
When you're at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hold on. - Theodore Roosevelt
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.  - Voltaire
Don't let making a living prevent you from making a life. - John Wooden
Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don't be sorry.   - Jack Kerouac
It is useless to meet revenge with revenge; it will heal nothing. - J.R.R. Tolkien
The only way it gets better for you is when you get better. Better is not something you wish, it's something you become. - Jim Rohn
Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever. - Roy T. Bennett
Leadership is solving problems - Colin Powell
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
Every experience is a lesson. Every loss is a gain. - Sathya Sai Baba
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind. - Napoleon Hill
Time heals what reason cannot.   - Seneca
Great acts are made up of small deeds. - Lao Tzu
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. - John Wooden
Everything starts with a dream. A particle of our imagination that teases us of what the future could be like, as long as we fight for it. - Gurbaksh Chahal
Confidence breeds beauty.   - Estee Lauder
What a book a devil's chaplain might write on the clumsy, wasteful, blundering, low, and horribly cruel work of nature! - Charles Darwin
Life is like playing the violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on. - Samuel Butler
Wheels of justice grind slow but grind fine. - Sun Tzu
Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. Be kind. Always. - Robin Williams
The only people without problems are those in cemeteries. - Tony Robbins
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible. - Les Brown
Leave the beaten track behind occasionally and dive into the woods. Every time you do you will be certain to find something you have never seen before. - Alexander Graham Bell
The quieter you become, the more you are able to hear. - Rumi
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe. - Abraham Lincoln
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
Short cuts make long delays. - J.R.R. Tolkien
Be - don't try to become  - Osho
Make yourself so useful to other people, that they think you are irreplaceable. - Og Mandino
Everyone has oceans to fly, if they have the heart to do it. Is it reckless? Maybe. But what do dreams know of boundaries. - Amelia Earhart
Decide whether or not the goal is worth the risks involved. If it is, stop worrying. - Amelia Earhart
I wasn't brave, I just didn't have time to be scared. - Amelia Earhart
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The most important things are the hardest to say. - Stephen King
If light is in your heart, you will find your way home.   - Rumi
In life you need either inspiration or desperation. - Tony Robbins
Forget mistakes. Forget failure. Forget everything except what you are going to do now and do it. Today is your lucky day! - Og Mandino
In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit. - Anne Frank
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. - Sun Tzu
Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner. - Lao Tzu
Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.   - Zig Ziglar
Every day is an opportunity to a make a new happy ending. - Jonathan Swift
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you. - Bette Midler
The question is not what you look at, but what you see. - Henry David Thoreau
My mind seems to have become a kind of machine for grinding general laws out of large collections of facts. - Charles Darwin
The biggest mistake we could ever make in our lives is to think we work for anybody but ourselves. - Brian Tracy
The question is not what you look at, but what you see. - Henry David Thoreau
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have. - Vince Lombardi
Be the silent watcher of your thoughts and behavior. You are beneath the thinker. - Eckhart Tolle 
Failure is feedback. Learn from it and move on. - Jack Butcher
The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good. Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom. - James Allen
When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you.   - Zig Ziglar
Lost Time is never found again. - Benjamin Franklin 
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. - Thomas Edison
Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people. - Roy T. Bennett
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. - Audrey Hepburn
If you go out looking for friends, you're going to find they are very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you'll find them everywhere. - Zig Ziglar
To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy. - Sun Tzu
At every moment where language can't go, that's your mind. - Bodhidharma
The first rule of business; treat others like they want to treat you. - Charles Dickens
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming. - John Wooden
It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts. - Will Rogers
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success. - Alexander Graham Bell
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.  - Voltaire
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions. - Albert Einstein
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves. - Lao Tzu
Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak. - Sun Tzu
Patience is a form of wisdom. It demonstrates that we understand and accept the fact that sometimes things must unfold in their own time. - Jon Kabat-Zinn
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. - Elbert Hubbard
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone elses. life. - Steve Jobs
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. - Seneca
Give more than you think you can, trusting that you are richer than you think. - Jon Kabat-Zinn
Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction. - Anne Frank
It only takes a split second to smile and forget, yet to someone that needed it, it can last a lifetime. - Steve Maraboli
Each problem has a positive side. - Og Mandino
At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets. - Steve Maraboli
Talent is luck. The important thing in life is courage. - Woody Allen
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. - Thomas Jefferson
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.  - Samuel Beckett
What is planted in each person's soul will sprout.   - Rumi
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart. - Confucius 
A flower falls, even though we love it; and a weed grows, even though we do not love it. - Dogen
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.  - Martin Luther
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts. - John Wooden
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. - Mahatma Gandhi
When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you.   - Zig Ziglar
Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. - Thomas Jefferson
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and man. - Mark Twain
Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer. - Sun Tzu
Routine life is unbearable, and most people only think about how to escape into the world of fantasy and dreams. - Robert Greene
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. - Thomas Jefferson
Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality.  - Brian Tracy
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. - Dalai Lama
Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success.  - Henry Ford
He who leaves the game wins it. - Nicolas Chamfort
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples. - Mother Teresa
People are weird. When we find someone with weirdness that is compatible with ours, we team up and call it love. - Dr. Seuss
Where violence reigns, reason is weak. - Nicolas Chamfort
Successful people tend to become more successful because they are always thinking about their successes. - Brian Tracy
I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees. - Euripides
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. - Carl Jung
Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.  - Jack London
Have a vision. Be demanding. - Colin Powell
Keep your eyes on the stars, but remember to keep your feet on the ground. - Theodore Roosevelt
Don't look for meaning in the words. Listen to the silences. - Samuel Beckett
A man is but a product of his thoughts. What he thinks he becomes. - Mahatma Gandhi
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. - Mother Teresa
You can start changing our world for the better daily, no matter how small the action. - Nelson Mandela
He who permits himself to tell a lie once, finds it much easier to do it the second time. - Thomas Jefferson
To be great is to be misunderstood. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Be polite to all, but intimate with few. - Thomas Jefferson
Most of the evil in this world is done - people with good intentions. - T.S. Eliot
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. - Winston Churchill 
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers. - Tony Robbins
Failure is feedback. Learn from it and move on. - Jack Butcher
Begin now to be what you will be hereafter. - St. Jerome
Mastering others is strength, mastering yourself is true power. - Lao Tzu
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. - Carl Jung
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid. - Benjamin Franklin 
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.  - Laozi
Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.   - Zig Ziglar
an action committed in anger is an action doomed to failure.  - Genghis Khan
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. - Colin R. Davis
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.   - Seneca
Great things are not accomplished - those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion. - Jack Kerouac
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible. - Les Brown
Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved.  - D. H. Lawrence
We take care of the future best - taking care of the present now. - Jon Kabat-Zinn
It's the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more. - Albus Dumbledore
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.  - Laozi
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. - Albert Einstein
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. - Jim Rohn
Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge. - Plato
Some people are old at 18 and some are young at 90. Time is a concept that humans created. - Yoko Ono
What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from. - T.S. Eliot
Keep your eyes on the stars, but remember to keep your feet on the ground. - Theodore Roosevelt
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible. - Les Brown
The past is history. It no longer exists, but you are keeping it alive in your mind through your thoughts.  Let it go. It is not serving you. - Sonia Ricotti
True wealth is of the heart, not of the purse. - Og Mandino
The Law of Concentration states that whatever you dwell upon grows. The more you think about something, the more it becomes part of your reality. - Brian Tracy
A day wasted on others is not wasted on one's self. - Charles Dickens
If you are far from the enemy, make him believe you are near. - Sun Tzu
Words used to attract the dull of wit are not to be relied on. - Huang Po
Life is like playing the violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on. - Samuel Butler
Human happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected.  - George Washington
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.  - Voltaire
You are not what you think you are, You are not what others think you are, You are what you think others think you are. - Unknown
Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny. - Bob Marley
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor. - James Allen
Forgive those who have hurt you. - Les Brown
Everything you look at can become a fairy tale and you can get a story from everything you touch. - Hans Christian Andersen
He who can, does. - George Bernard Shaw
Anyone who wants to achieve a dream must stay strong, focused and steady. - Estee Lauder
If you done it, it ain't bragging. - Walt Whitman
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. - Henry Ford
When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do. - Walt Disney
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. - George Bernard Shaw
To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction. - Isaac Newton
You may delay, but time will not. - Benjamin Franklin 
Decide whether or not the goal is worth the risks involved. If it is, stop worrying. - Amelia Earhart
We are born from a quiet sleep, and we die to a calm awakening - Zhuangzi
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.  - Oscar Wilde
Whatever your mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve. - Napoleon Hill
We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it. - George Bernard Shaw
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is. - Vince Lombardi
Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody. - Mark Twain
Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny. - Steve Maraboli
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. - Soren Kierkegaard
The more we have the less we own. - Meister Eckhart
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain. - Emily Dickinson
Don't shortchange yourself when it comes to investing in your own better future. - Jim Rohn
