The soldier above all others prays for peace, for it is the soldier who must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war. - Douglas MacArthur
You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war. - Napoleon Bonaparte
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength. - George Orwell
Let him who desires peace prepare for war. - Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus
I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy. - John Adams
The best way to solve problems and to fight against war is through dialogue. - Malala Yousafzai
No one won the last war, and no one will win the next war. - Eleanor Roosevelt
It is not enough to win a war; it is more important to organize the peace. - Aristotle
How can you have a war on terrorism when war itself is terrorism? - Howard Zinn
Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime. - Ernest Hemingway
Those who want peace should prepare for war and be strong. - Avigdor Lieberman
If we don't end war, war will end us. - H. G. Wells
You cannot simultaneously prevent and prepare for war. - Albert Einstein
War does not determine who is right - only who is left. - Bertrand Russell
War is hell. - William Tecumseh Sherman
Dad, how do soldiers killing each other solve the world's problems? - Bill Watterson
In times of war, the law falls silent. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
There is no shorter road to defeat than by entering a war with inadequate preparation. - Charles Lindbergh
If you win, you need not have to explain… If you lose, you should not be there to explain! - Adolf Hitler
All war is a symptom of man's failure as a thinking animal. - John Steinbeck
There is no flag large enough to cover the shame of killing innocent people. - Howard Zinn
If everyone fought for their own convictions there would be no war. - Leo Tolstoy
There was never a good war, or a bad peace. - Benjamin Franklin
Sometimes you have to pick the gun up to put the gun down. - Malcolm X
War must be, while we defend our lives against a destroyer who would devour all; but I do not love the bright sword for its sharpness, nor the arrow for its swiftness, nor the warrior for his glory. I love only that which they defend. - J.R.R. Tolkien
Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak. - Sun Tzu
The quickest way of ending a war is to lose it. - George Orwell
It is far easier to make war than peace. - Georges Clemenceau
In times of peace, the war party insists on making preparation for war. As soon as prepared for, it insists on making war. - Robert M. La Follette
An empire founded by war has to maintain itself by war. - Charles de Montesquieu
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. - Sun Tzu
An unjust peace is better than a just war. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
War is too serious a matter to entrust to military men. - Georges Clemenceau
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. - Donald Trump
There is no avoiding war; it can only be postponed to the advantage of others. - Niccolo Machiavelli
We make war that we may live in peace. - Aristotle
One may know how to gain a victory, and know not how to use it. - Pedro Calderon de la Barca
Older men declare war. But it is the youth that must fight and die. - Herbert Hoover
When the war of the giants is over the wars of the pygmies will begin. - Winston Churchill
Peace has its victories no less than war, but it doesn't have as many monuments to unveil. - Kin Hubbard
War is what happens when language fails. - Margaret Atwood
Every war when it comes, or before it comes, is represented not as a war but as an act of self-defense against a homicidal maniac. - George Orwell
The real war is not between the West and the East. The real war is between intelligent and stupid people. - Marjane Satrapi
In war, events of importance are the result of trivial causes. - Julius Caesar
Weapons are an important factor in war, but not the decisive one; it is man and not materials that counts. - Mao Zedong
Let us not be deceived we are today in the midst of a cold war. - Bernard Baruch
I have never advocated war except as a means of peace. - Ulysses S. Grant
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. - Leo Tolstoy
War is hell. You can't photograph a flying bullet, but you can capture genuine fear. - Horst Faas
Ten soldiers wisely led will beat a hundred without a head. - Euripides
The sinews of war are infinite money. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
It's impossible to know what happens in the fog of war. - Hillary Clinton
Know thy self, know thy enemy. A thousand battles, a thousand victories. - Sun Tzu
War is the continuation of politics by other means. - Carl von Clausewitz
In time of war, truth is always replaced by propaganda. - Charles Lindbergh
Everything in war is very simple. But the simplest thing is difficult. - Carl von Clausewitz
War is only a cowardly escape from the problems of peace. - Thomas Mann
War is the remedy that our enemies have chosen, and I say let us give them all they want. - William Tecumseh Sherman
America lost its face with the debacle of the Vietnam War. - Tiny Tim
The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy. - Friedrich Nietzsche
The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. - George S. Patton
Thus, what is of supreme importance in war is to attack the enemy's strategy. - Sun Tzu
There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare. - Sun Tzu
Mankind must put an end to war before war puts an end to mankind. - John F. Kennedy
Quickness is the essence of the war. - Sun Tzu
War is cruelty. There is no use trying to reform it. The crueler it is, the sooner it will be over. - William Tecumseh Sherman
To be prepared for war is one of the most effective means of preserving peace. - George Washington
The art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the enemy's not coming, but on our own readiness to receive him; not on the chance of his not attacking, but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable. - Sun Tzu
War can only be abolished through war, and in order to get rid of the gun it is necessary to take up the gun. - Mao Zedong
I saw courage both in the Vietnam War and in the struggle to stop it. I learned that patriotism includes protest, not just military service. - John F. Kerry
Brave men rejoice in adversity, just as brave soldiers triumph in war. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Wars are poor chisels for carving out peaceful tomorrows. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
War is a poor chisel to carve out tomorrow. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
It is an unfortunate fact that we can secure peace only by preparing for war. - John F. Kennedy
You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake. - Jeannette Rankin
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win. - Sun Tzu
It is good that war is so horrible, or we might grow to like it. - Robert E. Lee
The art of war is simple enough. Find out where your enemy is. Get at him as soon as you can. Strike him as hard as you can, and keep moving on. - Ulysses S. Grant
In modern war… you will die like a dog for no good reason. - Ernest Hemingway
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war. - Norman Schwarzkopf
War is never a lasting solution for any problem. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
War is wrong. Conscription for war is inconsistent with freedom of conscience, which is not merely the right to believe but to act on the degree of truth that one receives, to follow a vocation which is God-inspired and God-directed. - Bayard Rustin
A quality education grants us the ability to fight the war on ignorance and poverty. - Charles B. Rangel
I could start a war in 30 seconds. But some countries spend 100 years trying to find peace. Just like good manners, peace has to be learned. - Sylvester Stallone
Only the dead have seen the end of the war. - George Santayana
We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
The great object is that every man be armed. - Patrick Henry
There are no absolute rules of conduct, either in peace or war. Everything depends on circumstances. - Leon Trotsky
Secret operations are essential in war; upon them the army relies to make its every move. - Sun Tzu
The enemy is anybody who's going to get you killed, no matter which side he is on. - Joseph Heller
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies. - Winston Churchill
The art of war is of vital importance to the state. It is a matter of life and death, a road either to safety or to ruin. Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected. - Sun Tzu
We should keep on going along the path of globalization. Globalization is good… when trade stops, war comes. - Jack Ma
Preventing a war is tantamount to winning a war. - Raul Castro
I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
What a cruel thing war is… to fill our hearts with hatred instead of love for our neighbors. - Robert E. Lee
War is God's way of teaching Americans geography. - Ambrose Bierce
In war, whichever side may call itself the victor, there are no winners, but all are losers. - Neville Chamberlain
War remains the decisive human failure. - John Kenneth Galbraith
Veni, vidi, vici. (I came, I saw, I conquered.) - Gaius Julius Caesar